Pal 1090 services ReadMe updates (#358)
gchq/Palisade-services: policy-service/README.md

# Policy Service

The responsibility of the Policy Service is to provide the "set of rules" (filters or transformations) that need to be applied to each resource that has been requested, based the User and Context.
The "set of rules" are split into 2 groups:
1. Resource Level Rules
1. Record Level Rules

> 

Reviewer: Add a comment here instead of below which states that at least one rule needs to be set for both the resource and record level rules which can be a simple pass through rule, otherwise the system will assume that nobody has access to that data. The reason for this is to fail safe if a user tries to access a new data set in which the data access policies have not yet been thought through.

Author: Added a comment

#### Resource Level Rules

> These rules define whether a `User` is allowed to access a resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These rules define whether a `User` is allowed to access a resource. Therefore the rules can only be based on the metadata about that resource coming from thee resource service, the attributes about the user coming from the user service and the query context that is passed in from the user making the query and enriched by the palisade service.
```

Author: Updated

If no resource level rules are set on a resource then access will not be granted to any users

#### Record Level Rules
These rules define whether a `User` is allowed to see specific values contained within a resource.

> The value(s) will either be masked if the whole value is not required, or fully redacted if the user should not see the value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These rules define what content of a resource a `User` is allowed to see. 
The record level rules allow interrogation of any fields in the record to make the decisions as to what redactions or transformations need to happen to the fields to make them suitable for the user to see.
```

Author: Updated

> # Policy Service

Reviewer 2: Is there any mention of the Hierarchy of rules - rules on a resource also include all rules on that resource's parent (and grand-parents etc.)

> The responsibility of the Policy Service is to provide the "set of rules" (filters or transformations) that need to be applied to each resource that has been requested, based the User and Context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The responsibility of the Policy Service is to provide the "set of rules" (filters or transformations) that need to be applied to each resource that has been requested, based on the User, Resource and Context.
```

Author: Done

> The "set of rules" are split into 2 groups:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The "set of rules" are split into two groups:
```

Author: Done

> 1. Resource Level Rules (If no resource level rules are set on a resource then access will not be granted to any users)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Resource Level Rules (If no resource level rules are set on a resource then access will be denied to all users)
```
I think it reads a little better this way round, but you may disagree

Author: I think you're right, updated

> 1. Record Level Rules

Reviewer 2: Same applies here, no record-level rules means access denied

Author: I've added the same information as above for the record level rules

> The responsibility of the Policy Service is to provide the "set of rules" (filters or transformations) that need to be applied to each resource that has been requested, based on the User, Resource and Context.
> The "set of rules" are split into two groups:
> 1. Resource Level Rules (If no resource level rules are set on a resource then access will be denied to all users)
> 1. Record Level Rules (If no record level rules are set on a resource then access will be denied to all users)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The responsibility of the Policy Service is to provide the "set of rules" (filters or transformations) that need to be applied to each resource that has been requested, based on the User, Resource and Context.

Since resources are hierarchically-organised objects, so too is the complete set of rules on an resource.
For a given resource, the Policy Service will additionally collect rules of each parent resource (and grand-parent etc.), merging all of these together to form the final rule-set.

The "set of rules" are split into two groups:
1. Resource Level Rules (If no resource level rules are set on a resource then access will be denied to all users)
1. Record Level Rules (If no record level rules are set on a resource then access will be denied to all users)
```

Author: Done

A resource will need to have at least 1 resource level and 1 record level rule associated with it, this can be as simple as a pass through rule that does nothing.
If either of these are not associated with the resource then the system will assume that nobody has access to it.

#### Resource Level Rules

> These rules define whether a `User` is allowed to access a resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These rules define whether a `User` is allowed to access a `Resource` in a given `Context` (e.g. what is their purpose for this data request).
```

Author: Done

> Therefore, the rules can only be based on the metadata about that resource coming from thee resource service, the attributes about the user coming from the user service and the query context that is passed in from the user making the query and enriched 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Therefore, the rules can only be based on the metadata about that resource coming from the Resource Service, the attributes about the user coming from the User Service, and the query context that is passed in from the user making the query and enriched by the Palisade Service.
```

Author: Done

> by the palisade service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: I think this was done by IntelliJ messing with my layout. I've reverted this silly mistake

Reviewer 3: and again

> #### Record Level Rules
> These rules define what content of a resource a `User` is allowed to see.
> The record level rules allow interrogation of any fields in the record to make the decisions as to what redactions or transformations need to happen to the fields to make them suitable for the user to see.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Record Level Rules
These rules define what records of a `Resource` a `User` is allowed to see for the given `Context`.
The record level rules allow interrogation of any fields in the record to make the decisions as to what redactions or transformations need to happen to the fields to make them suitable for the user to see.
```

Author: Done

# Policy Service

The responsibility of the Policy Service is to provide the "set of rules" (filters or transformations) that need to be applied to each resource that has been requested, based the User and Context.
The "set of rules" are split into 2 groups:
1. Resource Level Rules (If no resource level rules are set on a resource then access will not be granted to any users)
1. Record Level Rules

> #### Note

Reviewer: I dont think we need the heading here
```suggestion
```

Author: Removed
